instructions.txt

The COrbit gravity simulator is designed to provide a realistic simulation of gravity.
To use the simulation, just click the "new sim" button on the index page.
You should be greeted with an already setup orbit for you to view.
To start your own simulation, just click the "clear" button at the bottom, to the right of the "exit button".

Mouse control of the simulation allows users to add objects to the simulation with their mouse. 
To do this, simply click and hold where you want your object to be centred, and drag outwards. 
You should see a grey circle appear, and grow and shrink along with your mouse movements. 
This can be used to guage how big the object you are about to add to the simulation will be.
To add the object to the simulation, now all you need to do is release the mouse, and the object will be created.
Don't forget to fiddle with the controls to experement with adding velocity to your created objects.
     

The simulation controls are as follows;
   1)The "add to" button serves two purposes, the first is to add a new object to the simulation, and the second is 
       to keep track of the amount of objects on screen.
   2)The X Axis slider is used to position the new object on screen, the value to the left of the slider
       describes as a percentage of the total screen width where the new object will be created.
   3)The Y axis slider is used to position the new object on screen, the value to the left of the slider 
       describes as a percentage of the total screen height where the new object will be created.
   4)The Volume slider is used to select how big the new object will appear on screen, the value to 
       the left of the slider displays in pixel size the radius of the object created.
   5)The Density slider is used in both mouse and slider control. It controls in arbitrary units the density of the object
       created, and can be used to create heavy large masses in the simulation.
   6)The velocity slider is used in both mouse and slider control to give newly created objects velocity as soon as they
       are created. Its value is in pixels per frame, and will be tied to the frame rate of the simulation as it runs
       on your machine.
   7)The angle slider is used to give a direction to the velocity given to newly created objects. It is in degrees, meaning
       90 on the slider will propell the object right, 180 straight down, and 270 left.
   8)The Exit button is used to exit the simulation and return to the index.html homepage of the COrbit website.
   9)The Clear button is used to clear the simulation of all objects and return it so a neutral state.
   
